Now one thing I'm going to show you here,
we'll hop back into the code,
is there's another bit of I think
of sugar that you can use here,
and that's router, LinkActive.
Click on this, and what this does is,
when you are on an active router link,
it will detect that and
attach a class to it.
So we'll go back here, and
if we go to courses again,
we can inspect this again,
and let me just close this.
You can see here that if we
follow this through on the class,
there is the active class.
So if I hopped into CSS,
I could say, for this,
let's style this just
a little bit different.
And so, if you want to delineate,
I'm on this particular route or
this button that's attached to this route,
you can do routerLinkActive.
And then attach that class that you wanna
use to style that particular element.
And so now that we've done that,
We're basically just navigating
from one link to another.
Let's go back and
let's look at the routing table itself.
So this was generated in the starting
branch, but let's just do a quick review.
And then we'll go and we'll extend upon
this with a lazy loading route, so,
When you set up your routing table,
typically,
kind of best practice is to have
a separate routing module for your route.
So what that does is, that kind of is
a standalone module that contains just
the routing table, and
all the functionality for the route.
So that's a good separation of concerns.
Within that, you declare your route table,
which is nothing more than
an array of route objects.
And so if we click on this,
you can kinda step into this interface,
and kinda poke around and
see what is available.
I'm not gonna get too much into that.
But I think the two things
that are the most basic
piece of a route is the path and
the component.
And so for the home path,
we're attaching the home component.
For the courses path,
we're attaching the courses component,
which goes into the router outlet.
Now, let's talk about this
route here at the bottom,
and so this is a wildcard route.
And what this does is, if I were to go and
just put any route in there and
it doesn't match up,
what it's going to do is, it's gonna say,
I don't recognize this route,
I'm just going to redirect to home.
And so this is a way to essentially ensure
kind of some route safety around your
route, so somebody doesn't end up in
a broken state in your application.
The other thing that is worth
mentioning on the route table
is that the order of the routes
in the array matters.
And so for instance,
I've had essentially route
conflicts because I put
a very specific route in
the wrong order in relation
to a general route.
And it was triggering the first route
before it could trigger the route that I
actually wanted to go to.
So if you find that you're trying
to route to a particular route, and
it's going to a similar route, but
not where you wanna go, one thing that
you can check, because route does order,
it's just gonna parse it down,
top to bottom, is that you may
need to reorder your route.
So for instance, if you wanna have
a route param, you wanna say,
I wanna route to this specific course,
I would put that underneath
the the general courses route.
And so just to point that out,
if you start to see kind of that behavior,
it's possible that your
routing order is not correct.
And a route is being triggered before
the route that you actually wanna go to.